# 1stproject
*cloud computing has been the evolving through the years . AWS becominng the greater in hand with the market share of 33%. aws provides IAAS,PAAS,SAAS as service models.Cloud models is broadly classified in four .they are public,private,hybrid,community models. There are three types of service models. They are IAAS, PAAS, SAAS. AWS becomes the first cloud pioneer and it has a global market share of 33% right now.AWs provides almost 200+ services.Andy jessy becomes the ceo of aws in 2021.
There are different types of service categories present in aws like compute ,network, Database, Storage,etc.popular aws services are EC2, s3, vpc, RDS etc.compute services are EC2,lightsail,lambda,elastic Beanstalk,ec2 auto scaling.

Elastic cloud computing = EC2
What does Computing Mean?
 It is a generic term used to reference processing power, memory, networking, storage, and other resources required for the computational success of any program. In AWS Compute services, virtual machines are called instances. AWS EC2 provides various instance types with different configurations of CPU, memory, storage, and networking resources virtually so a user can tailor their compute resources to the needs of their application without relying on their own infrastructure cost. Its anout renting the virtual computer in the cloud.Ec2 is manily used for hosting the web applications,virtual machines,machine learning models.EC2 is commonly used for computing purpose for seamless of web application running.EC2 consists of 7 steps.Features of EC2 instances are ,AMI images,Instances types ,EBS volumes,security Groups,key pairs,Instance store volumes.EC2 also contain launch templates 

